updated release notes for --webkit-scrollbar (#44567)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### CSS

#### Fix for nested scrollable areas

> This implementation has been added in order to fix an issue where scrollable content was unreachable. If a scrollbar is set to `display: none;` or `width: 0;` then the scrollbars of nested scrollable areas would be stacked on top of each other meaning that some of the content may well be unreachable. This does however mean that the `@supports selector(::-webkit-scrollbar)` check will return `true` even though the [`::-webkit-scrollbar`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Selectors/::-webkit-scrollbar) pseudo-element is not truly supported. ([Firefox bug 2038877](https://bugzil.la/2038877)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{cssxref("::-webkit-scrollbar")}} pseudo-element selector is now recognized, so the `@supports selector(::-webkit-scrollbar)` check returns `true`. Note that this reports the selector as supported even though scrollbar styling via `::-webkit-scrollbar` is not truly implemented. This was added to fix an issue where scrollbars of nested scrollable areas could stack on top of each other. For example, when a scrollbar is set to `display: none` or `width: 0` leaving some content unreachable. ([Firefox bug 2038877](https://bugzil.la/2038877)).
```

I would suggest changing release notes to focus on what’s added and not introducing a new section.
